DOCS: Update readme (#4709)
ansys/pyaedt: README.md

PyAEDT is a Python library that interacts directly with the API for
Ansys Electronics Desktop (AEDT) to make scripting simpler. The architecture
for PyAEDT can be reused for all AEDT 3D products (HFSS, Icepak, Maxwell 3D,
and Q3D Extractor), 2D tools, and Ansys Mechanical inside AEDT. PyAEDT also provides
support for circuit tools like Nexxim and system simulation tools like
Twin Builder. Finally, PyAEDT provides scripting capabilities in Ansys layout
tools like HFSS 3D Layout. The Ansys Electronics Database 
([EDB](https://edb.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/)) is included
with PyAEDT as a dependency and is recommended for any automated manipulation and 

> setup of layout data for PCBs, electronic packages and integrated circuits. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setup of layout data for PCBs, electronic packages, and integrated circuits. 

```
We use the Oxford comma, which is to always place a comma before the "and" or the "or" in a list of three or more items.

To run PyAEDT, you must have a local licenced copy of AEDT.
PyAEDT supports AEDT versions 2022 R1 or newer.

## Contributing

See the [PyAnsys develoeprs guide](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com) for detailed information about contributing to the PyAnsys project. 

> Note that PyAEDT uses sematic naming for pull requests (PR). This convention greatly simplifies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that PyAEDT uses semantic naming for pull requests (PR). This convention greatly simplifies

```

To run PyAEDT, you must have a local licenced copy of AEDT.
PyAEDT supports AEDT versions 2022 R1 or newer.

## Contributing

> See the [PyAnsys develoeprs guide](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com) for detailed information about contributing to the PyAnsys project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comprehensive information on contributing to the PyAnsys project, see the [PyAnsys developer's guide](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com). 

```
Put the "why" to click the link before the link.

Note that PyAEDT uses semantic naming for pull requests (PR). This convention greatly simplifies

> 
> the review process by providing meaningful information in the PR title. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the review process by providing meaningful information in the PR title. The

```
Remove extra line? Wouldn't you be better off linking to the dev guide topic for these prefixes rather than having to maintain a list here?

Author: @PipKat  I couldn't find the equivalent section in the developers guide, but will add a link to ansys/actions/commit-style. This list comes directly from that location.
